# 8.8  
**ask around**      
_ask many people the same question_    
I asked around but nobody has seen my wallet. 
***    
**add up to sth**    
_equal_   
Your purchases add up to $205.32.   
*** 
**back sth up**    
_reverse_   
You'll have to back up your car so that I can get out.
***
**back sb up**    
_support_   
My wife back me up over my decision to quit my job.
***
**blow up**    
_explode_   
The racing car blew up after it crashed into the fence.
***
**blow sth up**    
_add air_   
We have to blow 50 balloons up for the party.
***
**break down**    
_stop functioning(vehicle,machine)_   
Our car broke down at the side of the highway in the snowstorm.
***
**break down**    
_get upset_   
The woman broke down when the polic told her that her son had died.
***
**break sth down**    
_divide into smaller parts_   
Our teacher broke the final project down into three separate parts.
***
**break in**    
_force entry to a building_   
Somebody broke in laset night and stole our stereo.
***
**break into sth**    
_enter forcibly_   
The firmen had to break into the room to rescue the children.
***
**break sth in**    
_wear sth a few times so that it doesn't look/feel new_   
I need to break these shoes in before we run next week.
***
**break in**    
_interrupt_   
The TV station broke in to report the news of the president's death.
***
**break up**    
_end a friendship_   
My boyfriend and I broke up brefore I moved to America.
***
**break up**    
_start laughing(informal)_   
The kids just broke up as soon as the clown started talking.
***
**break out**    
_escape_   
The prisoners broke out of jail when the guards weren't looking.
***
**break out in sth**    
_develop a skin condition_   
I broke out in a rash after our camping trip.
***
**bring sb down**    
_make unhappy_   
This sad music is bringing me down.
***
**bring sth up**    
_start talking about a subject_   
My mother walks out of the room when my father brings up sports.
***
**bring sth up**    
_vomit_   
He drank so much that he brought his dinner up in the toilet.
***
**call around**    
_phone many different places/peoples_   
We called around but we weren't able to find the car part we needed.
***
**call sb back**    
_return a phone call_   
I called the company back but the offices were closed for the weekend.     
# 8.10
**obligation**    
_moral or legal duty to do sth_   
The new law release employers from their obligation to recognize unions.    
***
**emergency**    
_unexpected situation that must be deal with immediately_   
The goverment had to take emergency action.
***
**wear sb out**    
_make sb feel extremely tired_   
Machine soon wear out under rough usage.
***
**overtime**    
_extra hour that sb work beyond the minium requirement_   
The union plans to raise the issue of overtime.
***
**typical**    
_having the usual features or qualities of a particular classification_   
It was typical family entertainment.
## 8.12
**pursue**    
_continue in order to accmplish some goal_      
She wishes to pursue a medical carrer.
***
**evade**     
_[ɪˈveɪd]_         
_avoid_      
She is trying to evade all the responsibility for her behaviour.
***
**in terms of**    
_concerning about_     
The data is limited in terms of both quality and quantity.
***
**despise**     
_hate sb or sth_        
He despise himself for being so cowardly.
***  
**eternal**     
_[ɪˈtɜːrnl]_     
_continuing forever or for a very long time_       
She is an eternal optimist.     
***   
**preserve**       
_keep_       
He is anxious to preserve his reputation.   
***    
**integrity**    
_honesty;soundness of moral quality_       
I have always regarded him as a man of integrity.    
***      
**diploma**    
_[dɪˈploʊmə]_    
_official paper showing that a student has successfully completed an educational program,esp. high school or college_     
She is taking a diploma in management studies.    
## 8.13
**idleness**    
_[ˈaɪdlnəs]_    
_lazy_     
After a period of enforced idleness,she found a new job.      
***      
**compel**    
_[kəmˈpel]_    
_force sb to do sth_     
The law can compel fathers to make regular payments for their children.        
***      
**regard as**    
_force sb to do sth_     
Maybe most people generally regard themselves as being busy even if they are not.         
***      
**cultivate**    
_develop a friendship or relationship with sb_     
The law can compel fathers to make regular payments for their children.      
***      
**compel**    
_[kəmˈpel]_    
_force sb to do sth_     
The law can compel fathers to make regular payments for their children.        
***      
**further**    
_[ˈfɜːrðər]_    
_help sb successed or acheived_     
We had walked longer than I had realized.        
***      
**outlive**    
_live longer that sb else_     
He outlived his wife by 3 years.        
***      
**kill off**    
_destroy completely_       
***      
**severe**       
_extremely bad or serious_      
***      
**frost**      
_霜_       
***      
**delicate**      
_[ˈdelɪkət]_
_easily damaged or broken_      
***      
**rubber**
_[ˈrʌbər]_     
_橡胶(树)_      
Just one severe frost will kill off these delicate rubber trees.       
***      
**pursue**    
_continue in order to accomplish goal_     
She wishes to pursue a medical career.      
***      
**evade**    
_avoid_     
She wishes to pursue a medical career.      
***      
**miserable**    
_extremely unhappy_     
***      
**in return**    
_in exchange_     
It seems only fair that they should give us something in return.      
***      
**hyper**    
_more than usual,亢奋_     
I was incredibly hyper.I couldn't sleep.      
***      
**on a roller coaster**    
_being in a situation that is impossible to control,because it keeps changing so quickly(在过山车上)_     
Share prices have been on a roller coaster these last few days.      
***      
**applicable**    
_capable to being applied;appropriate(适用，合适)_      
Much of the form is not applicable for me.           
***      
**overlook**    
_fail to notice_      
One thing that many people seem to overlook is their learning type.                 
***      
**vital**    
_[ˈvaɪtl]_      
_very important,necessary or essential_      
Trust is a vital component in any relationship.           
***       
**work at**    
_try hard to develop or improve sth_      
We must learn how to be happy and then work at it.            
***      
**feel in sb's bones**    
_be sure that sth is true,even sb has no proof and cannot explain why sb is so sure_      
She is going to phone tonight.I can feel it in my bones.            
***      
**anticipation**    
_feeling of excitment because sth good or fun is going to happen_      
There's been an atmosphere of anticipation around here for a few days now.             
***      
**suspense**    
_excitment or worry while waiting to find out what has happend or what will happen_      
She waited in great suspense for her husband's return.             
***      
**build up**    
_prepare for a particular moment or event_      
She waited in great suspense for her husband's return.             
***      
**bounds**    
_limits_      
Keep it within bounds.             
**downright**    
***      
_thoroughly,absolutely_      
As a matter of fact,some fats are downright good for you.             
## 8.14
**congested**    
_[kənˈdʒestɪd]_      
_blocked with some liquid_      
It looks like she lives on a highly congested street.             
***
**antibiotic**    
_[ˌæntibaɪˈɑːtɪk]_      
_drugs used to kill bacteria and cure infections(抗生素)_      
The doctor put me on antibiotic.             
***
**unique**    
_being the only one of its kind_      
Because each one of you is unique and special.             
***
**infect**    
_cause disease or illness(传染)_      
It's impossible to infect another person through kissing.             
***
**relieve**    
_ease_      
We played games to relieve the tedium of the journey.          
***
**ailment**    
_physical disorder;illness_      
He has got very good treatment for the ailment,and definitely he's in good condition.             
***
**cope with**    
_deal with_      
He wasn't able to cope with the stresses and strains of the job.             
***
**suffer from**    
_experience physical or mental pain_      
Many people suffer from mental illness at some point in their lives.             
***
**insomnia**    
_[ɪnˈsɑːmniə]_      
_inability to sleep;sleeplessness_      
He is suffering from insomnia.           
***   
**side effect**    
One side effect of modern life is stress.             
***
**slew**    
_[sluː]_
_large number_      
They dealt with a slew of other issues.             
***
**tolerance**    
_ability to withstand(耐药性；公差)_      
They have a policy of zero tolerance for sexual harassment.             
***
**tolerance**    
_[ˈtɑːlərəns]_      
_ability to withstand(耐药性；公差)_      
They have a policy of zero tolerance for sexual harassment.             
***
**adverse**    
_not favorable;going against or in an opposition direction_      
Modern farming methods can have an adverse effect on the enviroment.             
***
**discontinue**    
_stop_      
It was decided to discontinue he treatment after three months.             
***
**the odds are in sb's favor**    
_chances are good_      
The odds are in his favor.             
***
**exhaustively**    
_[ɪɡ'zɔːstɪvli]_      
_thoroughly[ˈθɜːrəli]_      
Every product is exhaustively tested before being sold.             
***
**blurred**    
_[blɜːrd]_      
_not clear_      
The differences between art and life seem to have blurred.             
***
**cramp**    
_[kræmp]_      
_sudden severe pain_      
People get blurred vision or stomach cramps or something like this.             
***
**nerves**    
_feeling worried or frightened_      


