# Are You Happy?     
**What makes you happy?More fundamentally,what does "happiness" mean?The way we answer these questions is very important if we want to achieve a happy life.We should know what makes us satisfied and sad.That way we could pursue some situations and evade others.Everyone is different in terms of what he desires and what they despises.For example,most people seem to want more money,thinking it will make them happier,but some believe that material desire is endless and thus cause eternal trouble.**      
      
## What makes you happy?      
(1) Being healthy and physically attractive     
(2) Having money      
(3) Preserving my integrity     
(4) Doing my job well      
(5) Having friends    
(6) Being in love      
(7) Accomplishing my goals      
(8) having a hobby      
(9) Learning more     
(10) Getting a college diploma    
      
## Sample answers     
I would being in love is the happiest feeling in my life,except that every time I've been in love I've felt miserable.You want the other person to love you in return,so you are hyper-sensitive about whether that is true or not.If you are not with your loved one all the time,you feel lonely and anxious.Emotionally,it's like being on a roller coaster at the amusement park,but the ride never ends.      
      
If I had my diploma I could do anything in life I wanted.It would be easier to find a better job and make more money.I could attend concerts and sporting events and take wonderful vacations.I could drive a nice car and live in a big house.And I'd be able to be friends with rich,attractive,successful people.But,unfortunately,studing doesn't make me happy at all!      

## Speak Your Mind     
1. How do you usually respond if your friend asks you if you are happy?      
2. Are you satisfied with your current life?Why or why not?      
3. what is your secret for a happy life?Is it applicable to other people?      
4. Does money make people happy?Or does the love of money destroy their happiness?      
5. How do your friends make you happy?When do they disappoint you?     
6. Do you think knowledge makes people happy or unhappy?      
7. We overlook a lot of trivial and routine things that make us happy.Name some "important" things that are vital to your business.    
8. A certain man is handsome,intelligent,and rich,and everybody knows and respects him.He has a beautiful wife and terrific children.The shole family enjoys a high social status.Do you think he is always happy?Why or why not?      
9. We must learn how to be happy and then work at it.What have you learned about happiness?How do you practice happiness?      
      
## We must learn how to be happy and then work at it.What have you learned about happiness?How do you practice happiness?      
**F**: I feel wonderful today!       
**M**: I thought you felt wonderful everday.Is today special?      
**F**: Well,of course,every day is wonderful,and I do feel terrific all the time.But,yes,today is a very special day indeed!     
**M**: Why?It's just like any other Wednesday.      
**F**: No,it's not.It is a Wednesday beyond compare!      
**M**: Why?How?     
**F**: Today is the Wednesday that will notify me that I just won the lottery.I know I won!I can feel it in my bones!      
**M**: Are you sure you won?Have you checked the newspaper?      
**F**: Not yet.I'm delaying as long as I can,because I love the happy sense of anticipation.When the suspense has built up to the point where I cant't take it any more,then I'll check out the winning numbers.     
**M**: And then what?      
**F**: And I'll find out that I actually won,and my excitement will know no bounds.      
**M**: Gosh,I sure hope you win.You're so high that a fall in your spirits if you lose could be downright painful.     
**F**: Don't worry,I'm so high because I know I'll win.It's just impossible for me to lose.       
