# When You Have A Cold      
**Colds are not fatal,but they assure maximum discomfort to their sufferers.A person with cold not only coughs and sneezes regularly but also has a runny nose,a fever, a headache,a sore throat,and congested nasal passages all at the same time.It is hard to concentrate or stay awake,yet it is also difficult to fall asleep.Even though it only lasts a day or two on its severe stage,the time of suffering seems endless.An odd but important fact is that,even though cold is the most common illness known to man,repeatedly affecting almost everyone,there is no known cure.Antibiotics don't work well because evey cold virus is unique.**      
         
## Do you rush to see the doctor whenever you get a cold?         
(1) Yes.That's what doctors are for - making us feel better when we are sick - isn't it?       
(2) I just take some aspirin and try to go about my normal routine.      
(3) I relax and stay at home,knowing I'll recover soon.     
       
## Sample Answers         
I always tell myself when I get a cold to just stay at home,drink plenty if liquids,and get lots of sleep util I feel better.But somehow,instead,I try to ignore the cold as much as I can.I take medicine and go to work,but I feel terrible all day,I don't get much accomplished,and I probably just infect other people.Maybe next time I'll take my own advice.      
      
Patients want their physician to relieve their various medical problems.And the doctors want to be helpful,not only because of their professional obligation but also they know the patient will find a new doctor if they don't help.But this mutual attitude has lead to some very severe problems,related especially to the overuse of antibiotics.So viruses are adapting themselves to the most widely use drugs and making them ineffective.So I never go to the doctor for some minor ailment like a cold.I want those vaccines to be useful when I really need them!       
      
## Speak Your Mind      
1. How often do you feel tired?What do you do for those times?      
2. How often do you catch a cold?How do you find relief from it?       
3. Do you sometimes have a stomach ache?How do you cope with it?      
4. Do you ever suffer from a headache?Do you take aspirin or deal with it some other way?      
5. Do you regularly take vitamins?      
6. Have you ever suffer from insomnia?What did you do?      
7. Are you afraid of the side effects of any medicine?      
       
## Are you afraid of the side effects of any medicine?       
F: Do you ever worry about the side effects of any medicines you are taking?      
M: Why,no.I just follow the instructions carefully.Why do you ask?Is my skin turning green or something?      
F: No,but I'm afraid mine might.I hardly ever take medicine,not even aspirin,but my doctor just prescribed a whole slew of them for my back pain,and I'm worry about how they might affect me.     
M: Well,prescribing medicines is not an exact science.Sometimes the drugs will affect one person differently than another.People have different tolerances,and some people are allergic to certain medicines.So if you have any adverse effects,it might be a good idea to discontinue its use and see your doctor again right away.       
F: Yes,that's what the doctor told me.How likely is it that I'll have problems?      
M: The odds are in your favor.Medicines are pretty exhaustively tested before they're allowed on the market,and very few people have any trouble as they follow the directions carefully.But,there's always that odd exception,so wathch yourself.Be careful.      
F: This is the reason why I usually avoid medicines:I'm afraid of the after-effects.      
M: Being a little caution is good for everyone,but I wouldn't worry so much.The doctor usually don't offer prescriptions to medicines they are not familiar with.      
F: But I hear horror stories about people who follow directions carefully and still have something terrible happen.The get a heart attact or go blind or something like that!I'm very concerned.      
M: 